ghtoc readme file
			  __    __            
	   ____ _/ /_  / /_____  _____
	  / __ `/ __ \/ __/ __ \/ ___/
	 / /_/ / / / / /_/ /_/ / /__  
	 \__, /_/ /_/\__/\____/\___/  
	/____/
		-- generate "toc" for markdown

####Table of contents
(toc is generated by [ghtoc](https://github.com/sk1418/ghtoc))
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features & Limitition](#features--limitition)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Showcase](#showcase)
    - [I am happy to be the Section 1](#i-am-happy-to-be-the-section-1)
        - [Section 1 is my boss](#section-1-is-my-boss)
            - [Hey, the guy above, you are my boss!](#hey-the-guy-above-you-are-my-boss)
                - [I am not boss at all,shame!](#i-am-not-boss-at-allshame)
    - [I stand on Section2 and I am empty](#i-stand-on-section2-and-i-am-empty)
        - [No you are not, In my subSection, you find characters](#no-you-are-not-in-my-subsection-you-find-characters)
            - [Here I test: `"([<&>]) and *$#+"`](#here-i-test--and-)
    - [OK, that's it](#ok-thats-it)

##Introduction

GitHub doesn't provide a `[[toc]]` like function to generate toc(Table of contents) for markdown file. But sometimes an outline of a long readme file or other markdown page is very helpful. That's why does the simple *ghtoc* come.

**ghtoc** was written and tested with `python 2.7.8`

##Features & Limitition

- auto backup the input file before toc was generated and inserted
- currently only support convert `##Section` into toc. 
- doesn't support unicode characters in `##sections`

##Usage

	toc.py <md file>

##License

MIT license

##Showcase

**ghtoc** is so simple that itselves readme file won't contain much information. I just put here some example to let the toc in this page have some stuffs. Also it shows how the toc generated by **ghtoc** look like.

### I am happy to be the Section 1
#### Section 1 is my boss
##### Hey, the guy above, you are my boss!
###### I am not boss at all,shame!
### I stand on Section2 and I am empty
#### No you are not, In my subSection, you find characters
##### Here I test: `"([<&>]) and *$#+"`
### OK, that's it

% vim: nofoldenable ts=2 sw=2

